Golden Retriever Wuqiao Dog is like thunder
A fierce wind is strong at night
Except for this reputation
The silly boy in my heart dares to use a knife to roar
I asked him about Li Hu's war order to attack the door, flesh and blood
Then he said, aim.
The way of Huang Long is not a hit
make up for
Greed and hate
Here we go.
Win this game
profit
What police reserve price is low?
Trash is fucking bad
Boss Zhou hahahaha
What do you mean, boss Zhou?
A big boss
As I said just now, one pays ten
Can't help but count
Fei Long
Du Haoran from the martial arts hall is coming to participate in the boiling night
I mean it.
He is Ji Longfei and Long Wei
After the two young masters
The new generation surrenders
clear classmate
He asked the lady boss to come to the whole game as soon as possible
Ok, I know.
I will arrange
Exchange, I have such a big industry on weekends
I can't get through 500,000
Wait until I finish
Boiling Night if you win in a row, the bonus is 3 times
You let him go up and fight again
If you win, you 1 million 1 million